# SociallyFit

In this growing tech-focused generation, people are not getting as much social interaction and the opportunity to be as fit. The global pandemic has caused these two issues to be more and more prominent.
Thus, Socially Fit was born. It is an innovative app that combines social interaction and fitness, whilst still giving you an incentive to be a healthier and more social person. That incentive is credits, which I will get to.
Anyways, Socially Fit lets you workout with your friends while you motivate each other with challenges. You can interact with your friends about those challenges and have fun together. Spending time on the app, completing challenges, and making sure you get proper exercise by walking/biking/running to a park near you lets you unlock credits which are awesome incentives that help motivate the user to keep being social and fit! Socially Fit is an awesome experience!

Socially Fit connects people with their friends that are on the app and together you can challenge each other to do exercises, workouts, etc. People are socializing with each other and being more fit. Socially Fit also has incentives for completing challenges. Some of the challenges are created from the app itself and not users to avoid manipulation. Combining these two types of challenges and completing them lets you access cool rewards related to fitness and social interaction, such as energy bar discounts, etc. This way we are also partnering with local companies, which helps out businesses. Socially Fit gets people to be more active, lets people be more social, and help business and their customers. Socially Fit is a win-win-win situation and that is why I am super happy on the way it works.
Going to the more technical stuff, since this is an iOS mobile application, I used Swift and Xcode. Some of the inside technologies that I used were Storyboard, cell nibs, secure text entry, view connections, view controllers, labels, buttons, image views, and more.
Some technologies that could be added with code are Firebase, and web views, among others.

Socially Fit can definitely be improved on and be made better. Using technologies that I listed before, such as Firebase and web views, would really take Socially Fit to the next level. Firebase would secure many parts and let data be accessed from past time periods and web views could really bring a huge amount of opportunity to Socially Fit. Maps and other companies’ website can be displayed right inside the app and be integrated. Socially Fit was also fully developed by me, alone, so creating a team and bringing in the team and user feedback can also take Socially Fit to new heights. After a while, the UI could use a fresh look to keep users from being bored. Very importantly, the business aspect can be actually implemented by actually reaching out to businesses and proposing this idea, as right now this business aspect is just an idea that is in this prototype.

//Created by Pranav Gupta for ADL Hackathon
